Edit capabilities tutorial doc (#204)
onflow/cadence-lang.org: docs/tutorial/04-capabilities.md

- Write transactions to create [capabilities] to extend resource access scope from the owner to anyone (`public`).
- Write and execute a script that interacts with the resource through the capability.

## Use cases for capabilities and entitlements

Let's look at why you would want to use capabilities and entitlements to expand access to resources in a real-world context. A real user's account and stored objects will contain functions and fields that need varying levels of access scope and privacy.

> If you're working on an app that allows users to exchange tokens, you'll want different features available in different use cases. While you definitely want to make a feature like withdrawing tokens from an account only accessible by the owner of the tokens, your app should allow anybody to deposit tokens.
> 
> Capabilities and entitlements are what allows for this detailed control of access to owned assets. They allow a user to indicate which of the functionality of their account and owned objects should be accessible to themselves, their trusted friends, and the public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're working on an app that allows users to exchange tokens, you'll want different features available in different use cases. While you definitely want to make a feature like withdrawing tokens from an account only accessible by the owner of the tokens, your app should allow anybody to deposit tokens.

:::info

In Cadence, users have complete control over their storage, and their storage is tied directly to their accounts.  This feature allows amazing benefits including peer-to-peer transfers of property and it being impossible to accidentally burn an asset by sending it to an unused address.  The one mixed blessing is that you can't airdrop tokens or NFTs without the recipient signing a transaction.  Less spam, but you'll need to use a claim mechanism if the recipient doesn't already have a vault for your asset.

:::

Capabilities and entitlements are what allows for this detailed control of access to owned assets. They allow a user to indicate which of the functionality of their account and owned objects should be accessible to themselves, their trusted friends, and the public.
```

   ```cadence create_link.cdc
   import HelloResource from 0x06
   
   transaction {
     prepare(account: auth(
       IssueStorageCapabilityController,
       PublishCapability
     ) &Account) {
       // TODO
     }
   }
   ```

The [`IssueStorageCapabilityController`] allows the transaction to [issue] a new capability, which includes storing that capability to the user's account. [`PublishCapability`] allows the transaction to [publish] a capability and make it available to other users — in this case, we'll make it public.

### Capability-based access control

[Capabilities] allow the owners of objects to specify what functionality of their private objects is available to others. Think of it kind of like an account's API, if you're familiar with the concept.

The account owner has private objects stored in their storage, like their collectibles or their money, but they might still want others to be able to see what collectibles they have in their account, or they want to allow anyone to access the deposit functionality for a certain asset.

> Since these objects are stored in private storage by default, the owner must authorize something to open up access to them while still retaining full control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since these objects are stored in private storage by default, the owner must provide authorization to open up access to them.
```
